Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today on
the show we've got Brandon
. He's an engineer at
the defense digital service, and
you're calling me from the
Pentagon right now. Yes, sir.
It is true. You're like
legit inside the seat of
power right now. I'm on,
I'm on one of the
sides of the five-sided seat
of power. Yes. Cool. I
re I read some spy
novel and they were talking
about like the multiple rings
within the Pentagon. Like how
many rings are you in?
Right. There are well, five
rings in the five sided
box that is depending on
and the five floors. So
I am on the fifth
floor and the technically the
D ring, which is the
second to outermost ring. Outermost
ring is the E ring.
I have no idea what
any of that means, but
it is impressive. And I
appreciate it. Thank you so
much for talking to me
today, this concept of digital
service, this, that, that phrasing,
or maybe that branding that
feels new, but I know
that there've been it people
running around the government since
the beginning. Yes, you're right.
It does feel new. And
in many ways it absolutely
is new. The, the idea
of a digital service, especially
as it's represented by the
United States digital service and us
at the defense digital service
is to try to bring,
you know, private sector, best
practices of software development and
technology to government to help
make government processes that leverage
technology much more efficient. I,
I think it kind of
is pretty genuine, real knowledge
at this point that most
government systems from a technological
standpoint can stand to use
some improvement. And so the
digital services were created to
foster the doing exactly that.
And so we try to
bring in that top technical
talent, that's working at the
big name companies like the
Googles, the Facebooks, the Amazons,
the Microsofts of the world
to come in and do
what we call a, almost
like a it's a digital
tour of duty, almost like
a peace Corps for nerds
almost to come in and
leverage their technical skills to
try to see if they
can make those same type
of improvements within the government
environment setting. So that all
citizens that the government serve
can benefit. That's really interesting.
So because we don't typically
think of that being, working
for the government and certainly
working in it for the
governor to be glamorous. But
if you've got a team
with former Google employees and
Shopify employees doing work on
modern stacks, doing modern things,
that seems more, much more
compelling and pretty darn interesting.
Actually, It's very interesting. And
now to be fair, you
know, not all of his
glamorous, sometimes the things that
we do are the things
that a lot of people
who do this for a
living in the private sector
take completely for granted. It's
just assumed that you would
have something like, for example,
version control in your development
environment, things like that. And
then you walk into government
and you realize people don't
even know what that might
mean in some cases. And
so you, you do things
that you would consider to
be rudimentary or baseline, and
they look at you like
you're some powerful wizard. And
then there are other times
where you're truly, truly doing
some pretty cool stuff. Or
even from a technical standpoint
is relatively mundane from an
impact standpoint. It is just,
I mean, for some people,
it's the greatest thing that
overdue Is it that things
move slowly. And when they
moving slowly, what are you
doing? Are you sitting around
or are you like, people
always say that in government
things move slowly, are you
saying that things like let's
say continuous integration or a
build server is a big
deal or that it just
might be foreign to some
branches of the government? It's
a little bit from my
vantage point is a little
bit of all of the
above it's things do move
slowly in government. I am
a little bit different from
many of my counterparts here
at USDS and DDS because
I myself have been in
government for about 14 years
now, usually at the local
wind local state level. And
this is now a year
in almost a year and
a half in federal level.
So I'm familiar with how
the government bureaucracy operates and
things do move more slowly.
And there's a lot of
processes involved, a lot of
processes involved. And so, yeah,
it does cause things that
would normally happen much more
rapidly in the private sector
for various reasons to take
much longer. But it's also
sometimes just a genuine lack
of lack of knowledge. There's
the incentives are different. If
a technological, if a technology
company in private sector does
not innovate and keep up
to speed with technology, they
can find themselves quickly eclipsed
or even going out of
business by their rivals governments.
Don't really have that problem.
And that's a double edged
sword because it means that
there is no strong incentive
in many cases to continuously
iterate and stay up to
date with modern technology practices
and procedures. So it allows
software to tend to stagnate
because you know, it ain't
broke, don't fix it. And
so when we come in,
we faced as the bureaucracies
because like the old joke,
I like to say governments
hate to things change. And
the way things currently are.
So you hear people who
are not happy with the
way things are going, and
processes are a pain and
systems are problematic and user
interfaces don't work and applications
don't talk to each other
and data is not transferred,
but you also feel a
lot of resistance when we
come in and we're doing
things at a much faster
pace, using more modern tools
that they're completely unfamiliar with
and continuously engaging with users
and getting their feedback. When
the assumption is you only
have to talk to them
once, then you go in
the back room and build
it. You're done. So there's,
it's a mixture of everything
you mentioned really. Is it
that, I mean, I'm assuming,
because it's a certain amount
of mystique around a software
that we don't understand, right?
Like before I worked at
a bank, the idea of
moving money with software, it
seems like such a bigger
deal than, you know, writing
a blog and writing software
for government or for defense
seems almost scary in the
like people's lives are on
the line. This is a
big deal. Like software quality
matters more. Is that an
appropriate or a correct sense
that I should have? Is
there a certain amount of
fear in like, I don't
want to mess things up,
so we have to move
a little slower with a
little more determinism, because this
is such important. That is
it's funny. You say that
because in some cases, especially
here at the DOD, that's
usually what gets passed on
to us from the folks.
The other folks within the
government that we're working with,
this is, is a critical
system. So it's extremely important.
We can't afford to run
the risk of making changes
that won't work. What if
it breaks, yada yada yada.
And so there, you hear
a lot of lip service
paid to that. You, but
then you, you know, you
peel back the onion a
little bit and you see
sometimes that the current system
that is up and running
is using outdated proprietary software
that has long since passed
it's it's dates, where it's
being given regular security, patches
and updates. So it's extremely
vulnerable. You see legacy systems
that may have been homegrown
by people who have long
since left government and may
have retired and are aren't
actually even being maintained, but
are serving critical functions. But
if that hardware goes down,
they're absolutely Sol. So you,
you see a lot of
that. So you see, you
see that the systems as
they operate, do not necessarily
reflect what they believe that
they're doing. Oftentimes this may
be do the institutional knowledge.
You know, some person somewhere
15 years ago may have
hack something together in order
to get the project done.
And now, because it's operational,
there's a sh and that
person is gone. It's become
like, you know, you can't
touch that. That's, that's the
magic. And if you break
that that's over. And so
that, that fosters a lot
of resistance, especially in a
world where you don't have
modern tool sets or modern
development practices, things like dev
ops, you know, automated builds
unit, automated testing or testing
period, that doesn't involve a
person clicking a button repeatedly,
things like that, those things
that give modern developers, this
assurance that they can afford
to make changes without breaking
the whole thing. And they
can afford to be a
bit more daring and a
bit more creative of what
they're doing when you, when
you lose all of that,
you become much more rigid
and much more focused on
keeping, maintaining the status quo.
And so a lot of
what we do is in
instructing and helping people understand
that there is a, there
literally is a better way
of doing this, you know,
and bring that in. And
we try to lead by
example by either helping to
inform them of the right
of way and showing them
that way and going so
far as to actually do
it and put it in,
show them like here here's
the finished product use that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The,
the, some of the things
that the defense digital service
that you did, that I
would never have expected from
any kind of government agency,
for example, was like the
hack, the Pentagon program. They,
it was a bug bounty
program. It was like the
first one in the history
of the fed to go
and say, the federal government
to say, Hey, let's go
and do a formal bug
bounty and bring the us
department of defense onto this
hacker one platform, and actually
have people, you know, pay
people to find bugs is
something that you all did
last year. And I'm surprised
that they were able to
go and like sell the
idea, but it found like,
you know, 200 reports in
the first six hours and
paid off some reasonable amount
of bounties. But certainly the
value that was created out
of that was, you know,
far outweighs any of the
risks or the, the bug
bounties that were paid pretty
good. Right. It does the
value far exceeded. And that's
why, first of all, you're
absolutely correct. There was a
not no, but hell no
response with the initial plan
to do appreciate you. I
appreciate your candor. Yes. I
mean, even the name hack,
the Pentagon was hotly debated
and resisted fiercely our, our
director of DDS, Chris Lynch
was adamant about, you know,
keeping the name and making
it happen. And this was
an example of us saying,
we're just gonna do it.
We definitely needed to top
over support. We have been
fortunate to have the full
support of the previous secretary
of defense Ash Carter and
the current secretary of defense
James Mattis, who, you know,
they really believe what we're
doing the other top level
commanders within the DOD believe
what we're doing. And so
you're absolutely right. There was
a lot of resistance because
it's just so different. So
new, they were accustomed to
paying exorbitant contracts to red
teams and pen testers to
do this work. I think
they did right before we
launched hack the Pentagon and
found, I think maybe 20
vulnerabilities. And then we do
hack the Pentagon for, I
believe, or roughly an, of
magnitude less money. And they
find the first one within
six hours and find hundreds
of vulnerabilities. And so once
again, leading by example, showing
them how it's different, they
can see it with their
own eyes. And to this
day we've done hack the
army. We're currently, as we
speak doing a hack, the
air force, and there are
plans, a new policy was
developed as a result of
the hack, the Pentagon approach.
So now other government agencies
are running their own hack,
the whatever agency, right. So
it really has made a
change. Yeah. And what's exciting
about that. And what I
was really impressed about from
a transparency perspective was that
they chose a live asset.
They didn't make a honeypot.
They said, okay, here's a
live asset. We're going to
choose as the target for
the hackers. Something that's, you
know, always under constant attack,
but doesn't have anything, you
know, you're not trying to
give away secrets or stuff
to get no personally identifiable
information, but it's still a
real thing. You know, it's
like, if we're going to
do this, let's not do
it for fake. Let's do
it for real. And it
was like 13 minutes from
the moment you launched it
until they found a vulnerability
and everybody wins the white
hat, not the black hat,
but the white hat, the
good hacker who helps out,
they get the, you know,
the ability to go and
say, Hey, I worked on
the hack, the Pentagon hack.
And then every other system
that the Pentagon uses can
then learn from that hack
and improve its security. Exactly.
In fact, that was the
reason why we were so
adamant about doing his life
sites, because believe me, they
wanted to go against like
a honeypot and everything. And
we were like, no, because
you're gonna, you know, the
honeypot is not reflective of
the actual live site traffic.
You're going to try to
fix things or put things
in place before, as you
built, the honeypot was like,
that's not, that's not how
it would really work. This
is opposed to mimic to
a good extent what it
would be like if a
hacker actually was able to
get into your system. And
you want to understand that
because you don't have good
replication in your honeypot of
what the actual production network
is like. So we're, we
pushed on that. They agreed.
And they'd been happy and
pleased with the results so
far. And the, the people
who have participated in these
events, I mean, hack the
Pentagon. I think one of
the folks who participated was
these youngest 17, that person,
along with others who found
some critical vulnerabilities were actually
received challenge coins and met
with the secretary of defense.
Can you imagine that? I
don't know what it would
have liked if I met
the secretary of state when
I was 17 years old,
because I had the DOD
website, this is ridiculous. I
think you'd rather meet them
in person than like, you
know, but with bars between
you and them. Exactly. You're,
you're absolutely right. But it's
been, it's been great. And
it's been a great move.
And like you said, it's
kind of a, win-win on
all sides here. Yeah. It's
pretty, it's a pretty forward
thinking stuff. One other thing
that I was impressed with
is this experiment. I don't
know how far this has
gone, but the idea that
if you go to code
C O D e.mil, that
domain and mil domain military
top level domain goes to
a GitHub repository, which is
an experiment that the DOD
is doing to, you know,
maybe host some code on
GitHub and start open-sourcing, that's
pretty impressive stuff. Is that
driven from places like the,
the defense digital service, or
how do, how do people
decide who owns what in
these kinds of systems? Well,
that was the, that's a
whole creation of the defenses
will serve as, and it
started with a very simple
approach. We were simply asking
a question as we were
writing different pieces of code
for different projects we were
working on. You're like, how
do we open sources code?
You know, most of us
leverage open source code all
the time as most modern
developers do. And we are
accustomed. And we use GitHub
internally in order to keep
track of our project work
as we're doing. And so
we're like, yeah, we wrote
this code for this project,
whether it was snippet or
full fledged application. And like,
how do we open source
it? And we were fortunate
enough to have a great
general counsel Sharon Woods on our
team who loves to research
things like this. She knew
very little about open source
at the beginning. She is
now an open source expert
now. And we come to
realize a quick flaw, cause
we're thinking, Oh, we just
slap it like MIT or
GPL license on this thing
and release it. It'll be
good. Like you do anything
you want open source sources,
pick your license. It turns
out as a government employee,
you have no copyright, none,
any work you do in
a government domain has zero
copyright. So even, you know,
a very copyleft license like
the GPL, for example, doesn't
automatically apply because even those
licenses assume you have copyright.
And so we said, Oh
crap, this is not as
simple as we thought. So
we try to figure out
ways. And we were so
fortunate to have a lawyer
involved because you know, oftentimes
from a developer standpoint, you
don't have a lawyer at
present to give you advice
on this stuff, as you're
trying to figure out how
to license your software. And
so we literally reached out
to the free software foundation.
We reached out to the
open source initiative and, you
know, explained our situation and
what we're thinking of doing.
They got really interested. And
so we came up with
what we thought was a
good idea to re release
a software. And we were
thinking, Hey, how about we
actually put our process, Oh,
how are we going to
do this on GitHub? And
let people like any other
process, you know, file issues
and complaints about the way
we're thinking of open source
and software and boy, Oh
boy, did we get complaints
about our initial process? We
got a lot of feedback,
including some pretty good names
in the free software and
open source community. And we
literally changed our approach as
a result and, you know,
release the new version of
our open source agreement. And
we have since released a
few pieces of software using
the developer certificate of origin
and invite people to contribute.
Cause private contributors of course
have copyright. And we ask
that they leverage the license
that we provide. And it
seems to be a very
pragmatic approach that all parties
involved go for it because
we engage the community, not
just to contribute to the
software. We induce the community
to help us identify good
way that you can contribute
to the software. And that
was, that was novel. So
now we're working on trying
to see, we can get
more people within the DOD
cause there are a lot
of developers within the DOD
who write software and elect
to open sources. So we're
working with them to see
if we can get them
out on a platform and
develop what we hope is
a community by which people
who may not, you know,
work within the government, but
have technical skill can contribute
to actual government used software,
just like we would contribute
to any other piece of
open source software. One of
the things that you said
that I want to kind
of kind of double click
on, for lack of a
better word was you said
it's a very pragmatic approach.
And that seems really powerful.
I mean, you're basically saying
let's leapfrog the time that
we spent in government and
maybe not being using progressive
software technologies think that that
the, the old style slow
moving it of the fifties
and sixties and maybe the
seventies is going to get
leapfrogged. We're going to start
using things like get and
get hub. We're going to
use open source licenses. We're
going to reach out to
the community, whether it be
having them hack our live
asset or whether it be
opening up things for, for
comment on GitHub or using
GitHub issues. That's kind of
very progressive, very thoughtful, very
modern techniques. You say, you
get pushback though. Like you're
getting pushback from people saying,
well, this isn't how it's
been done in the past.
What are you using as
metrics to prove that this
is the right way to
do things? Are you, did
you have, you know, key
performance indicators that you can
point to, to keep senators
from saying shut this down
or shut that down? Well,
we have different metrics depending
on the different project. Oh,
the overall our strategy is
what are the founder of
USDS? Todd park then CTO
United States said, and that is
the strategy is delivery. And
I agree with that 100%
and success is the metric.
Success is the metric that
we have qualitative and quantitative
metrics from a qualitative standpoint
is simple. There are some
projects that they're done here
at the DOD that you
literally the problem statement, defining
the problem alone because of
bureaucratic processes can take a
year and a half. And
that's before you even start
things like trying to create
the actual requirements and then
procured a software by that
time, by the time you
selected all of this and
they actually start developing until
the time they're done the
software in the system is
already out of date. You
know, I've had to remind
people here, the DOD and
the government that 10 years
ago, smartphones didn't exist. And
yet you have some projects
that are going on longer
than 10 years before they're
even done, that's taking too
long. So our process is
to just get stuff done.
We literally have the posters
that say, get stuff done,
except it doesn't say stuff.
And we are always trying
to get this thing in
front of people's faces. We
do the agile approach. We
do kind of get generated
MVP. I've been in government
long enough to know that
this is what works you
can say, it's going to
be done. You can tell
people, pay lip service, all
you want until they see
something in front of their
face. They don't really buy
it or believe it, the
metrics that we use very
like forward the heck, depending
on it. You mentioned earlier,
the metrics were quite obvious
as simple. It cost an
order of magnitude, less money
to get an order of
magnitude, more vulnerabilities discovered, fixed
and patched. That's just, self-explanatory
with one of the things
we did for, for trans
comp, where they had a
system that helps military families
move, it's actually moved out
mill. And there was a
problem with the system and
where it was actually having
difficulties scheduling, coordinating people to
be able to move when
they're redeployed to a new
location. And this was affecting
not just the military members,
but their families. We were
asked to come in and
in four days we were
able to stand the system
back up and get it
to a point where it
had much higher uptime from
about 80% to 99.9%. And
it was processing many more
move requests than it was
before thousands more. And so
those are obvious metrics. And
so you, we, we certainly
have the quantitative metrics, but
we also have the qualitative
ones. And one big qualitative.
One is the fact that
we engage with the users.
This is such a novel
concept to people in the
government. It's is sometimes astounding.
Now I am not a
user researcher. We have user
researchers who do this for
a living on our team.
I am not one, but
even I recognize because I
do develop software that, you
know, you need to continuously
engage with your users. You,
you talk to them and
you figure out what their
needs are, what their problems
are. You get that MVP
in front of her face.
And you continually iterate with
the user involvement to make
things work. And from a
qualitative standpoint, they are so
happy with the result because
they helped make it happen.
That they are much more
likely to use and enjoy
the system. Then they would
be, if you talk to
them once or more likely,
especially in a place at
the DOD, you don't talk
to the users. You talk
to like the top level
stakeholders and chain of command.
And then you go off
to some facility somewhere and
do all the coding there.
And then you present the
finished project. And then that's
when the users are engaged.
And they're like, what is
this? This doesn't really do
what I want. And I
guess I have to live
with it now. And they're
perpetually not happy with the
software, which means the customers,
AKA American citizens are oftentimes
not happy with the result.
I want to pivot a
little bit, But in the
time that we have remaining
and ask you a question
that when you, when we
met for the first time
we were chatting for a
while and was I correct
in understanding that you've flown
into war zones and deployed
code and flown out? Absolutely
we That's so awesome. Do
you just like fly in
and like go get pushed
and then like bail? Or
how does that work? Well,
one of the USDS modeled
value values, we call them
our six values. One of
the U S D S
values is simple. It's go
to where the work is.
You know, you don't sit
in your ivory tower and
do stuff. You go to
where the actual work is.
And we at the DDS,
we're at the DOD, our
users are military personnel. So
we're going to go to
where their work is. Well,
if they're deployed overseas, we
go overseas. And so yes,
one of the systems that
we worked on the code
is an opensource on code
dot Miller actually is we
went out to Cabo. We
were out in Afghanistan and
that's where we discovered that
when we talked to the
users and ask them what
issues are having, you know,
told them what we did
and how could we, how
we can help. And they
said, you need to look
at this software called eight
net. And Aina is the
advisor network is the software
by which the natal forces
out there in Kabul are
working to try to help
stand up the Afghan government
and show them, get them
stood up and track the
progress of how they're going.
Things like here's how you
manage the money. Here's how
you retain your own standing
military. Here's how you do
law enforcement. You know, the
basic functioning of our government.
They are constantly meeting with
Afghan counterparts in the government
to try to help them
get stood up and keeping
track of all of these
engagements, who they spoke to
when, how was the meeting?
What were the topics discussed?
Things like that. They were
keeping track of this in
a system that was quite
frankly, not really well suited
to do so in 80,
it was a proprietary system
that they then heavily customized
on top of. And they
had one person onsite who
was tasked with trying to
maintain this thing of from
a contract. And we came
in and we understood this.
And they said, you need
to take a look at
this because it is causing
all kinds of problems. It
was such a nightmare to
use and search for existing
meetings and things and engagements.
And these are soldiers who
rotate, you know, every like
nine months or so that
they come in and rather
than be quickly brought up
to speed by looking through
the prior engagements of who
they need to deal with.
They can't find it. And
so they could end up
having to start all over
or turn a positive engagement
to a negative one and
vice versa because they don't
have this information. So we
saw an opportunity to, in
this particular case, rebuild the
software. And we met, we
face a lot of hurdles.
I mean, in this case,
we're dealing with NATO here
and our lead developer who
has a strong Java background,
wanted to do a good
chunk of the application in
Java. And I mean, I
remember sitting there and being
towed by a person at
NATO that, you know, you
can't do that. Java is
not even on the approved
software list, but as like
I said earlier, we built
it. We did it anyway.
We put a lot of
work into it. And our
top developers built that thing
in about 21 weeks from
scratch and got it in
front of their face. And
we met so much resistance
until we showed it to
them. In fact, I'm reminded
so many times of the
Gandhi quote, you know, first
they ignore you. Then they
laugh at you. Then they
fight you. Then you win.
You know, and we faced
so much resistance until we
showed it to them and
he saw it and we're
engaging with the users out
in Cabo, the entire way
we're living in shipping containers,
you know, right. With their,
with them and constantly showing
it to them. And you
should have saw how amazed
they were when we can
do something as magical as
listened to what they say.
And when he say, Hey,
it'd be nice if we
had an interface or input
for this here, and then
we'd go and we do
it that night and check
it in. And we meet
with them the next day
and they see it. And
they're like, Holy crap, you
listened to us. Wow. This
is a new thing. And
it, it became adopted. NATO
is now managing this system,
the same system whose cold,
and you can see them
Kodak mill. This is revolutionary,
but they saw it. And
yeah, we went out there.
It was a crazy experience,
but one of the best
of my entire life, That
is pretty. That is pretty
awesome. How long were you
there? I was out there
for about two weeks. Our
lead developer was out there
for the same amount of
time, the first trip. And
then he went back out
there for almost a month
and he was out there
for a couple of weeks
prior to that, we went
in like three or four
waves of people and wrapped
up the project. And our
PM was out there for
that last month as well.
My particular task was having
to deal with it actually
migrating the thousands of existing
reports of meetings from the
old system into the new
one. This was on a
secure facility, on a secure
network. And if you've never
tried to interact with Java
and parse XML across soap
interfaces, inside a secure facility
where you have no internet
access and cannot bring in
your own electronic devices inside
of the middle of a
war zone is an interesting
experience. Yeah, you haven't deployed
software until you've done that
well, and you really have
to understand this is about
understanding the users, right? It
makes no sense unless you
are in the environment where
the user will be using
the software. Exactly. Otherwise, what
are you doing at all?
You need, you need to
do it the right way
For me. There's no better
example of engaging with the
users in that there is
absolutely no way we could
have any work close to
replicate it, that kind of
user environment, except for being
there. So where do you
think that people should do,
who are listening to this
show who maybe didn't even
know that the digital service
existed, that the defense digital
service existed? Where should they
start? If this is something
that they're interested in doing,
If a person is interested
in and lending their technical
skills to help government, then
you should definitely go to
usda.gov and apply for the
United States digital service. If you
were very interested in working
specifically with the DOD and
the, the crazy stuff that
we do here, you can
make that known as you
apply. We are an agency
team of the United States postal
service. There are other agency
teams there. We have a
digital service team at the
VA. We have one at
DHS, we have a few.
And so we, we are
all hiring and we can
all use technical assistance. And
this is a great way
for people who think that
there are improvements that can
be made in government to
help actually make that happen.
And these agencies correct me
if I'm wrong. These are
nonpartisan agencies. These are government
agencies that are important, and
the work continues both before
and after, you know, presidents
and senators and representatives come
and go, Absolutely. We're not
doing this work to make
presidents or senators or anyone
look good. We're doing this
work because we are American
citizens, just like the people
that the government serves. And
we want to try to
make this better for citizens.
The work that has been
at the VA for example,
is work that directly helps
veterans and their family members.
The work we're doing at
the DOD with DDS is
directly helping servicemen and their
family members. We did work
last year at the state
department that was directly helping
refugees. We are doing this
because those types of problems
persist and need to be
resolved regardless of which party
is in office. And so,
you know, lead the party
leadership at the door to
come and help the people.
Very cool. Well, thank you
so much for chatting with
me today and thank you
for your service and to
our service members out there
running your software. We appreciate
them as well. Thank you
very much. And I really
appreciate you being honest. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.